for yuri side or calm be very
welcome to the best of your video
Money Speedometers Your Channel
loucomotivos technical tips here at
youtube the video and the extra for you
Ah, I just received the team from
doctor and this toy here
Doctor, and we can do it.
test with it's electromagnetic fields
in the team
in summary is the operation for example
of injector nozzles of a coil of
ignition is for example some relays
is being activated or not to have
some levezinho serve and a sound warning
it has two stages that it can connect to
drizzle that there has two stages for
a signal more than one more frequency
strong once a little lower let's go
say so come here oh here then it is
the following I will use my goal here to
demonstrate to you if you can
example with the directors are
starting
boot
Then you can get there by the field.
electromagnetic nozzle
it is being used
that colors
surprised by the fact and also by the
Life, anyway, she's cheering for example.
beauty
she only really allowed what she
will help greatly in the
diagnosis in power left unedited edition
what to come here again
this could test and a relay for
example of the management system is a cast
and main fuel pump is
he is being assessed not
everything with this guarantee that she
capture by the tip of the
magnetic field being generated
by coil of faith so test and
we can show it 's working
Let's see if we can simulate a
Quick little bug here you two will see
if I can take it with one hand here
this formed from the air filter
but to leave
beauty or simulate here
Let's get it, for example, I'll call smart.
have a lens will take for example here
our reactor number 3
there is're pressing
suppose you have a problem in that
sector the top told begins to fail
We have been testing and will return
worked on the first
the second working the third not
sure third party does not participate
So we can tell if he's
pulsating or not and if the fault is
to some nozzle nozzle or even the
own drink team could also
get calm in a good way
simple
is fast
what is missing then make this diagnosis
fifa sees the
now yes then they will come here just for one
world here for you
martin doctor and obviously the ninja